"In one word, how would you describe our conversation?",
"Wildcard: Give your partner a compliment you don't think the hear enough.",
"Wildcard: Admit something.",
"What do you recommend I let go of, if anything?",
"How does one earn your vulnerability? Have I earned it? How can I earn more?",
"What do you think my weakness is?",
"What can I help you with?",
"What about me most surprised you?",
"Wildcard: Play a round of rock paper scissors. Winner can ask their partner anything. Loser must answer.",
"Wildcard - both players: Write down one thing you want to let go of this year. Read out loud, then rip up together.",
"Wildcard - both players: Write down a goal for this year. Fold & exchange. Hold each other accountable.",
"If we were in a band, what would our name be?",
"What do you think our most important similarity is?",
"Wildcard: Give each other nicknames!",
"Do you believe everyone has a calling? If so, do you think I've found mine?",
"When this game is over, what will you remember about me?",
"When in this game did you fell most connected to me?",
"Wildcard - both players: Dare your partner to do something outside of their comfort zone in the next week.",
"What question were you most afraid of to answer?",
"Wildcard: Take a selfie together.",
"Wildcard: Scroll through each other's Instagrams. Find the picture you feel best represents your partner's essence and comment why you chose that image.",
"Based on what you learned about me, what book would you recommend I read?",
"How would you describe me to a stranger.",
"What do you admire most about me?",
"What do you think I should know about myself that perhaps I'm unaware of?",
"Why do you think we met?",
"Wildcard - both players: Write a song about your partner in 30 seconds. Then sing it out loud. Get into it!",
"What answer of mine made you light up?",
"How do our personalities complement each other?",
"What do you think my superpower is?",
"What would be the perfect gift for me?",
"What has this conversation taught you about yourself?",
"What parts of yourself do you see in me?",
"What do I need to hear right now?",
"Wildcard - both players: Swap a song suggestion your partner may enjoy.",
"Wildcard: Create your own question. Make it count.",
"Based on what you learned about me, does my social media accurately reflect who I am? Why or why not?",
"Wildcard: Both players share something you're most grateful for in this current moment.",
"In one word, describe how you feel right now.",
"Wildcard: Give your partner a hug. Not the crappy kind. A warm fluffy one.",
"What is a lesson you will take away form our conversation?",
"Based on what you know about me, do you have any Netflix recommendations?",
"What about me is hardest for you to understand?",
"What am I most qualified to give advice about?",
"If you could prescribe me one thing to do for the rest of this month, what would it be and why?",
"Wildcard: Both players write a note to your younger selves in 1 minute. Option to compare.",
"What do you think my defining characteristic is?",
"What do you think I fear the most?",
"What can we create together?",
"What would make you feel closer to me?"