"Describe your perfect day!",
"Reminder: Be more interested in understanding others than being understood.",
"Are you lying to yourself about anything?",
"Is there a feeling you miss?",
"What is a dream you've let go off?",
"Wildcard: Admit something.",
"Wildcard: Create a secret handshake!",
"Have you ever told someone I love you but didn't mean it? If so, why?",
"Are you missing anyone right now? Do you think they are missing you too?",
"Wildcard: Staring contest. First to blink must reveal a personal problem and ask your partner for advice on how they might handle it.",
"Wildcard: Both players write an embarrassing fun fact about yourselves. Play a game of rock, paper, scissors. Lost must reveal!",
"What's your mother's name? And the most beautiful thing about her?",
"Do you think the image you have of yourself matches the image people see you as?",
"What´s your father´s name? And tell me one thing about him.",
"If you have, when was the moment you realized you weren't invincible?",
"How can you become a better person?",
"If you could get to know someone in your life on a deeper level, who would it be and why?",
"How would you describe the feeling of being in love in one word?",
"What's the most pain you've ever been in that wasn't physical?",
"What´s been your happiest memory this past year?",
"What is your 1st love's name and the reason you fell in love with him/her?",
"What do you crave more of?",
"What would your younger self not believe about your life today?",
"Wildcard - both players: Write the three most important things in life to you. After 30 seconds, compare.",
"Wildcard - both players: Draw your current mood. Then compare.",
"What is something you wouldn't want to change about yourself?",
"Wildcard: Questions are an art form. Create your own question.",
"What was the last time you surprised yourself?",
"When you're asked how are you, hof often do you answer truthfully?",
"Have you changed your mind about anything recently?",
"How are you, really?",
"Has a stranger ever changed your life?",
"What's been the best compliment a stranger has ever given you?",
"What is a compliment you wish you received more frequently?",
"What title would you give this chapter in your life?",
"Wildcard: Press shuffle on your music library. Explain the first song that comes up.",
"What part of your life works? What part of your life hurts?",
"Wildcard: Call someone you admire and tell them why you appreciate them! (put on speaker phone)",
"Wildcard: Show your first photo in your camera roll. Explain.",
"Wildcard: Swap seats with your partner.",
"Wildcard: Sing the chorus of your favorite song of all time. Get into it!",
"If you could have it your way: Who would you be with? Where would you be? & What would you be doing?",
"What lesson took you the longest to unlearn?",
"Finish the sentences: Strangers would describe me as ___. Only I know that I am ___.",
"What is the most unexplainable thing that's ever happened to you?",
"What is the last thing you lied to your mother about?",
"What are you still trying to prove to yourself?",
"What are you more afraid of, failure or success? And why?",
"Wildcard - both players: Think of something you strongly dislike that most people love. On the count of three say it out loud!",
"What questions are you trying to answer most in your life right now?",
"What has been your earliest recollection of happiness?",
"Wildcard: Ask a question you'd be too afraid to ask. Something you wouldn't dare to ask.",
"Final Card of the deck: Each player write a message to the other. Fold and exchange. Open only once you two have parted."